Just now
Don’t you have half a million left?
How did it become a million?
half a million
It's your mother's medical expenses
Five hundred thousand more
It's my bride price
One less
I'll pull out your motherfucker
Ventilator
Why do you do that?
I'm going to the hospital to complain against you
Then you go and file a complaint.
You even pay for medical expenses
None
You go to the hospital
Will they fire me first?
still
Pull out your motherfucker first
Ventilator
you
OK
you just said
medical expenses
one million
That's right
One less
Neither works
good
Thirty million
Put this hospital in the east of the city
buy it for me
Controller
Write about Xu Qing
Has succeeded as a woman
Spend 30 million yuan
one
Now the whole hospital
It's all mine
Give it to Xiaoqing’s mother immediately
arrange treatment
Oops
Made me laugh so hard
One who stinks of sweat
Little cute
Still want to buy it
the whole hospital
What if this is true
If you are bragging
is true
I am now
Just kneel down
call you dad
good
good son
remember what you say now
Lin Yang you
rest assured
Xiaoqing
I have already
Fan's KTV
Bought it for you
Don't you believe me yet?
What are you still doing?
follow me
stop